= flukso4r

This is the Flukso4R library, available from 

http://gonium.net/md/flukso4r

You can use it to query the Flukso
webservice. Have a look at the bin/flukso_query script. It allows you to
query the Flukso API and retrieve the latest readings from your Flukso
meter. A simple call to retrieve the readings of the last day is:

flukso_query -t day -u watt -a <your-sensor-alias>

In addition, the library includes two scripts that can be used to
archive your Flukso readings at the highest resolution. The values are
stored in an sqlite3 database.

First, copy the flukso4rrc template file to a destination of your
liking:

$ cp etc/flukso4rrc $HOME/.flukso4rrc

Then, edit the file and specify the database file and your API key.
Please note that the library uses HTTPS to communicate with the Flukso
webservice, so your API key is not sent unencrypted over the net.

Then, create an empty database:

$ flukso_create_db -c <CONFIG_FILE>

After the DB has been created, you can add new data with the command

$ flukso_archive_watts -c <CONFIG_FILE>

This command will download all values of the last hour and add the new
ones to the database. It is intended to be run as a cronjob.

The code in lib is a cheap knockoff of the twitter ruby gem - many
thanks to John Nunemaker! You can find the twitter ruby gem here:

http://twitter.rubyforge.org/

== TODO

* Tests of the internals are needed.

== Note on Patches/Pull Requests
 
* Fork the project.
* Make your feature addition or bug fix.
* Add tests for it. This is important so I don't break it in a
  future version unintentionally.
* Commit, do not mess with rakefile, version, or history.
  (if you want to have your own version, that is fine but bump version in a commit by itself I can ignore when I pull)
* Send me a pull request. Bonus points for topic branches.

== Copyright

Copyright (c) 2010 Mathias Dalheimer (md.AT.gonium.net). See LICENSE for details.
